# Lab 5: Dynamic Programming (5 points)

**Deadline**: Monday, May 13, 2024 at 11:59pm on Gradescope

This assignment has 3 parts.

## Installations

This assignment involves three Jupyter notebooks: `Taxi.ipynb`, `DNA_Alignment.ipynb`, and `TSP.ipynb`. You can use Google Colab or DataHub or a local Jupyter notebook to run the notebooks.

Before running the script, ensure you have the following modules installed on your system:

* Numpy
* Matplotlib
* Gymnasium (OpenAI Gym)
* Imageio

You can install these modules using pip:

```bash
pip install numpy matplotlib gymnasium imageio
```

## Part 1: Taxi Routing with Dynamic Programming (2 points)

All the instructions for this part are in the `Taxi.ipynb` notebook.

## Part 2: DNA Sequence Alignment with Dynamic Programming (1.5 points)

All the instructions for this part are in the `DNA_Alignment.ipynb` notebook.

## Part 3: Travelling Salesman Problem with Dynamic Programming (1.5 points)

All the instructions for this part are in the `TSP.ipynb` notebook.

## Submission

Make sure you've completed all the `TODO` sections in the notebooks. When you're done, submit the following files to Gradescope:

1. `Taxi.ipynb`
2. `policy_iteration.gif`
3. `value_iteration.gif`
4. `DNA_Alignment.ipynb`
5. `TSP.ipynb`
6. `tsp_path.png`

The two .gifs are generated by the code in the `Taxi.ipynb` notebook. The `tsp_path.png` is generated by the code in the `TSP.ipynb` notebook.

Make sure to save your files before submitting them. You can submit as many times as you like before the deadline. Only the last submission will be graded.